# CCD-StableCoin
A token built on Concordium that maintains one-to-one parity with a pool of USDC on Ethereum through the use of public bridging. By building the stablecoin around the bridge's open sourced contracts, the token takes advantage of the security and due diligence already provided through USDC's protocol and collateralized backing. A central collateral vault will exist on ETH for depositors to supply USDC. The act of depositing their USDC then automatically triggers the minting of an equivalent amount of tokens on the Concordium chain. This newly minted amount is then sent to a Concordium address supplied by the depositor. Users with their minted tokens may now send it to others, use it within protocols, and collect fees from the deposits and withdrawals of other users. Anyone with the stablecoin on Concordium may, at any time, burn their tokens in order to receive the underlying amount in USDC on the Ethereum blockchain.

This is technically creating a derivative backed by USDC on the ETH side, a global leader in stablecoins as opposed to building USDC like CCD token which has no global recognition. It's a way to have a stablecoin without the risk of managing liquid capital.

Why rely on USDC? The complexities of building a strong stablecoin are centered around the management of on-demand collateral that ensures available liquidity across a plethora of available markets. USDC, the world's current largest stablecoin, has set up a strong and trusted liquidity network that we believe can be leveraged to drastically increase the time-to-market of a Concordium based Stablecoin. Linking this network to Concordium provides an instant line of liquidity and allows developers to immediately begin integrating a trusted stablecoin into their decentralized applications.

Profit without lending. Users that engage in supplying liquidity pay a small fee for both deposits and withdrawals. This fee is placed into a rewards pool that is split amongst all USDC depositors based on their deposited amount and time in the network. This fee system creates a scenario where moments of heavy traffic (deposits & withdrawals) ensure guaranteed rewards for those that keep their liquidity within the network. Additionally, by structuring the network in this fashion, direct depositors avoid the possibility of impermanent loss and those that remain within the network longer gain a larger amount of the yielded rewards.
